Avoid application crashes & Fix issues with dynamically inserted texts in React (#2)
marmelab/highlight-search-term: Readme.md

}
```

> **Note**: Due to how React and [Range]() work, avoid elements that combine static texts and variables:

Reviewer: missing link target

```diff
export default function MyComponent({ text }: { text: string }) {
  const [search, setSearch] = useState("");
  useEffect(() => {
    highlightSearchTerm({ search, selector: ".content" });
  }, [search]);
  return (
    <div>
      <input
        type="text"
        value={search}
        onChange={(e) => setSearch(e.target.value)}
      />
-      <div className="content">
-        Text: {text}
-      </div>
+      <div>
+        Text: <span className="content">{text}</span>
+      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Troubleshooting

> If you get errors similar to `DOMException: Failed to execute 'setEnd' on 'Range': The offset 11 is larger than the node's length (5).`, make sure you don't mix static and dynamic texts. See the tip in previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see errors in the console similar to `DOMException: Failed to execute 'setEnd' on 'Range': The offset 11 is larger than the node's length (5).`, make sure you don't mix static and dynamic texts. See the note above for an example.
```
